# Module11_ChallengeUNCC Boot Camp Module 11 Homework Challenge## Note ##Code written in Google Colab and should be run in Google Colab## Code to Install Required Libraries ##from IPython.display import clear_outputtry:  !pip install pystan  !pip install fbprophet  !pip install hvplot  !pip install holoviewsexcept:  print("Error installing libraries")finally:  clear_output()  print('Libraries successfully installed')## Code to Import Required Libraries and Dependencies ##import pandas as pdimport holoviews as hvfrom fbprophet import Prophetimport hvplot.pandasimport numpy as npimport datetime as dt%matplotlib inline## Answers to Questions ## **Question:** Did the Google search traffic increase during the month that MercadoLibre released its financial results?**Answer:** Yes, the Google search traffic increased during the month that MercadoLibre released its financial results. The sum of May search results was 38181, while the sum of the median monthly traffic was 2669.5. **Question:** Does any day-of-week effect that you observe concentrate in just a few hours of that day?**Answer:** # There is no noticeable difference based on the day of the week. There is a noticeable increase in searches in the nighttime hours (approximately hours 21 through 3 or 4).**Question:** Does the search traffic tend to increase during the winter holiday period (weeks 40 through 52)?**Answer:** # Yes, the search traffic tends to increase over the winter holiday period, especially after week 42. The search Trends remain higher than normal through the end of February, which is likely due to the Hispanic holiday El Dia de los Reyes (Three Kings' Day), where children are given 3 gifts, one from each of the Biblical "Three Kings", and in exchange, children leave water and grass/hay for the Kings' camels. **Question:** # Market events emerged during the year of 2020 that many companies found difficult. But, after the initial shock to global financial markets, new customers and revenue increased for e-commerce platforms. Slice the data to just the first half of 2020 (2020-01 to 2020-06 in the DataFrame), and then use hvPlot to plot the data. Do both time series indicate a common trend that’s consistent with this narrative?**Answer:** # Looking specifically at February-March 2020, both time series show a sharp drop in searches and stock closing price. While there is a slight spike after the drop in searches, the spike only brings the numbers back up to normal. With the exception of May 5th, 2020 at 17:00, the number of searches is generally lower than before February 25, 2020. Mercado's stock price also takes a hit in March 2020 and stays lower for a few months before spiking in May 2020, putting it back to where the closing price was before the pandemic. If by "new customers and revenue increased", the question means that both searches and closing price recovered after dropping, then yes, both time series show this. If the question is asking if "new customers and revenue increased" compared to what they were before the pandemic, then no, both time series do not support this. They simply show a return to normal after a rough period of time. **Question:** Does a predictable relationship exist between the lagged search traffic and the stock volatility or between the lagged search traffic and the stock price returns?**Answer:** # The greatest correlation among the three categories is a negative correlation between Stock Volatility and Lagged Search Trends, meaning that when Lagged Search Trends increases, Stock Volatility decreases and vice versa. **Question:**  How's the near-term forecast for the popularity of MercadoLibre?**Answer:** There appears to be a slight drop in the popularity of MercadoLibre predicted to occur in the next 2000 hours (approximately 83.33 days). **Question:** What time of day exhibits the greatest popularity?**Answer:** The popularity of mercadolibre peaks at midnight (00:00:00). **Question:** Which day of week gets the most search traffic?    **Answer:** Tuesday gets the most search traffic.**Question:** What's the lowest point for search traffic in the calendar year?**Answer:** The lowest point for search traffic occurs in October, just before the beginning of the holiday season. **Question:** For example, what are the peak revenue days? (Mondays? Fridays? Something else?)**Answer:** # The peak revenue day is Wenesday, followed Tuesday.### Based on the forecast information generated above, produce a sales forecast for the finance division, giving them a number for expected total sales next quarter. Include best and worst case scenarios, to better help the finance team plan.**Answer:** The most likely amount of total sales next quarter is predicted to be be 969.57. The predicted best case scenario would be 1050.99 sales, and the worst case would be 886.73 sales. ## Contributors ## Giselle Taraboletti UNCC FinTech Boot Camp## License ##MIT LicenseCopyright (c) [year] [fullname]Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copyof this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to dealin the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rightsto use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sellcopies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software isfurnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in allcopies or substantial portions of the Software.THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS ORIMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THEAUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHERLIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THESOFTWARE.